= Fork description

This fork make possible use Integer columns in AR objects (for DB perfomance).

  class Mary < ActiveRecord::Base
	  include AASM
	  aasm_initial_state :pending
		
		aasm_column :status
		
	  aasm_state :pending, :integer => 0
	  aasm_state :started, :integer => 1   
	  aasm_state :finished, :integer => 2
	
    aasm_event :start do
      transitions :to => :started, :from => [:pending]
    end
  end
	
	mary = Mary.new
	
	mary.aasm_current_state  => :pending
	mary.status  => nil
	
	mary.save
	
	mary.aasm_current_state  => :pending
	mary.status  => 0
	
	mary.start!
	
	mary.aasm_current_state  => :started
	mary.status  => 1
	
	# For writing conditions like { :state => Blog.aasm_integers[:closed] }
	Mary.aasm_integers[:started] => 1
	
	
Auto generated named scopes (Mary.pending, Mary.started) also works.

= AASM - Ruby state machines

This package contains AASM, a library for adding finite state machines to Ruby classes.

AASM started as the acts_as_state_machine plugin but has evolved into a more generic library that no longer targets only ActiveRecord models.

AASM has the following features:

* States
* Machines
* Events
* Transitions

== Download

The latest AASM can currently be pulled from the git repository on github.

* http://github.com/rubyist/aasm/tree/master

A release and a gem are forthcoming.



== Installation

=== From GitHub hosted gems

  % sudo gem sources -a http://gems.github.com # (you only need to do this once)
  % sudo gem install rubyist-aasm

=== Building your own gems

  % rake gem
  % sudo gem install pkg/aasm-2.0.1.gem


== Simple Example

Here's a quick example highlighting some of the features.

  class Conversation
    include AASM

    aasm_initial_state :unread

    aasm_state :unread
    aasm_state :read
    aasm_state :closed


    aasm_event :view do
      transitions :to => :read, :from => [:unread]
    end

    aasm_event :close do
      transitions :to => :closed, :from => [:read, :unread]
    end
  end

= Other Stuff

Author::  Scott Barron <scott at elitists dot net>
License:: Copyright 2006, 2007, 2008 by Scott Barron.
          Released under an MIT-style license.  See the LICENSE  file
          included in the distribution.
Bugs::    http://rubyist.lighthouseapp.com/projects/13207-aasm/
GitHub::  http://github.com/rubyist/aasm/tree/master

== Warranty

This software is provided "as is" and without any express or
implied warranties, including, without limitation, the implied
warranties of merchantibility and fitness for a particular
purpose.
